add documentation for info command (#4753)
webpack/webpack.js.org: src/content/api/cli.md

To generate a project without questions. When enabled, default answer for each question will be used.

### Info

Outputs information about your system.

```bash
npx webpack info [options]
```

**example**

```bash
npx webpack info --output=json
```

> **Options**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Options for info
```

**`--output`**

> `string`
> 
> To get the output in specified format (accept `json` or `markdown`).

Reviewer 2: https://webpack.js.org/contribute/writers-guide/#configuration-defaults-and-types

```suggestion
`string : 'json' | 'markdown'`

To get the output in specified format.
```
